---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "axwayst_business_units Resource - axwayst"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# axwayst_business_units (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "axwayst_business_units" "simple_business_unit" {
  name        = "simple-example"
  base_folder = "/awxay_home/simple-example"
}

resource "axwayst_business_units" "example-parent-bu" {
  name        = "example-parent-bu"
  base_folder = "/awxay_home/example-parent-bu"
}

resource "axwayst_business_units" "example-complex" {
  name                                 = "example-complex-bu"
  parent                               = axwayst_business_units.example-parent-bu.name
  business_unit_hierarchy              = "${axwayst_business_units.example-parent-bu.name}/example-complex-bu"
  base_folder                          = "/axway_home/example-parent-bu/example-complex-bu"
  base_folder_modifying_allowed        = true
  home_folder_modifying_allowed        = true
  dmz                                  = "DMZ"
  shared_folders_collaboration_allowed = true

  html_template_settings = {
    html_template_folder_path = "ST Web Client"
    is_allowed_for_modifying  = true
  }

  transfers_api_settings = {
    transfers_web_service_allowed           = true
    is_web_service_rights_modifying_allowed = false
  }

  adhoc_settings = {
    auth_by_email                     = true
    auth_by_email_modifying_allowed   = true
    delivery_method_modifying_allowed = true
    delivery_method                   = "DISABLED"
    enrollment_template               = "default"
    notification_template             = "exampleNotificationFile.xhtml"
  }

  enabled_icap_servers = ["symantecav.example"]

  additional_attributes = {
    "userVars.example_addt_atrbt2"  = "201",
    "userVars.example_addtl_atrbt1" = "example-value1"
  }

  file_archiving_settings = {
    policy                        = "default"
    policy_modifying_allowed      = false
    folder_policy                 = "default"
    encryption_certificate_policy = "default"
    custom_file_size_policy       = "default"
    custom_file_size              = 0
  }
  login_restriction_settings = {
    is_policy_modifying_allowed = true
  }

  bandwidth_limits = {
    policy                = "custom"
    modify_limits_allowed = true
    inbound_limit         = 50
    outbound_limit        = 50
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_folder` (String) The base folder of the business unit entity.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the business unit entity.

### Optional

- `additional_attributes` (Map of String) Additional attributes which are defined with "key": "value" pairs. Keys must start with "userVars." prefix, follow the pattern: [a-zA-Z0-9_.]+ and have length between 10 and 255 characters (including the prefix). Non prefixed part of key should not start with "userVars.", since it is a reserved word. Both key and value cannot be blank.
- `adhoc_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--adhoc_settings))
- `bandwidth_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bandwidth_limits))
- `base_folder_modifying_allowed` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the base folder of the business unit entity is modifiable (this property defines whether the base folder for the belonging accounts may be modified).
- `business_unit_hierarchy` (String) The full path hierarchy of the business unit entity.
- `dmz` (String) The name of the DMZ zone
- `enabled_icap_servers` (Set of String) Enabled icap servers of the business unit.
- `file_archiving_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_archiving_settings))
- `home_folder_modifying_allowed` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the belonging accounts' base folders are modifiable.
- `html_template_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--html_template_settings))
- `login_restriction_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--login_restriction_settings))
- `managed_by_cg` (Boolean) This property indicates whether the business unit is managed by Central Governance.
- `parent` (String) The name of the parent business unit entity.
- `shared_folders_collaboration_allowed` (Boolean) Flag indicating if accounts may collaborate using, creating and sharing folders.
- `transfers_api_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transfers_api_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--adhoc_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `adhoc_settings`

Optional:

- `auth_by_email` (Boolean) Flag indicating if auth is by email
- `auth_by_email_modifying_allowed` (Boolean) Flag indicating if auth by email is allowed for modifying
- `delivery_method` (String) This property defines the delivery method. When deliveryMethod is set to 'Disabled' then Adhoc is disabled and enrollmentType/implicitEnrollmentType can not be set. When deliveryMethod is set to 'Default' then it is only available on BU and Account (setting the BU to use the value and account to use the BU value). When deliveryMethod is set to 'Anonymous' then implicit enrollment types 'Anonymous' and "" (Select by sender) are enabled. When deliveryMethod is set to 'Account Without Enrollment' then implicit enrollment types 'Anonymous', ""  (Select by sender) and 'Existing Account' are enabled. When deliveryMethod is set to 'Account With Enrollment' then implicit enrollment types 'Anonymous', "" (Select by sender), 'Enroll unlicensed', 'Enroll licensed' are enabled
- `delivery_method_modifying_allowed` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the belonging accounts' could enroll other accounts
- `enrollment_template` (String) The name of the notification template for this business unit entity
- `enrollment_types` (Set of String) This property is used for a custom delivery method and can be set only if deliveryMethod property is set to 'Custom'.
- `implicit_enrollment_type` (String) The Implicit Enrollment Type value of the business unit entity. This property controls which option Web Access Plus selects initially in the User Access window and which enrollment type is used by the Axway Email Plug-ins. The choices depend on the enrollment types enabled by the Delivery Methods and Enrollment Types fields
- `notification_template` (String) The notification template


<a id="nestedatt--bandwidth_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bandwidth_limits`

Optional:

- `inbound_limit` (Number) Bandwidth's inbound limit.
- `modify_limits_allowed` (Boolean) Whether modifying limits is allowed.
- `outbound_limit` (Number) Bandwidth's outbound limit.
- `policy` (String) Bandwidth policy.


<a id="nestedatt--file_archiving_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_archiving_settings`

Optional:

- `custom_encryption_certificate` (String) Custom encryption certificate of the business unit.
- `custom_file_size` (Number) Custom file size for archiving of the businessunit unit.
- `custom_file_size_policy` (String) Custom file size policy of the business unit.
- `custom_folder` (String) Custom archiving folder of the business unit
- `encryption_certificate_policy` (String) Archiving certificate policy of the business unit.
- `folder_policy` (String) Defines whether account under BU can modify folder.
- `policy` (String) Defines whether the child business units are allowed to modify archiving policy
- `policy_modifying_allowed` (Boolean) Defines whether the child business units are allowed to modify archiving policy.


<a id="nestedatt--html_template_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `html_template_settings`

Optional:

- `html_template_folder_path` (String) The HTML template directory path on the local system used for this business unit entity
- `is_allowed_for_modifying` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the HTML Template folder may be modified


<a id="nestedatt--login_restriction_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `login_restriction_settings`

Optional:

- `is_policy_modifying_allowed` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the login restriction policy option is modifiable on account level.
- `policy` (String) The login restriction policy for this business unit.


<a id="nestedatt--transfers_api_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transfers_api_settings`

Optional:

- `is_web_service_rights_modifying_allowed` (Boolean) Flag indicating if web services rights are allowed for modifying
- `transfers_web_service_allowed` (Boolean) Defines whether the access to the /transfers resource from the End-user REST API is allowed

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import axwayst_business_units.example_bu example_bu_name
```
